Description

NOTE: You can now create your own synthetic versions of this dataset by forking and running this notebook.

Welcome to the 2023 edition of Kaggle's Playground Series! Thank you to everyone who participated in and contributed to Season 3 Playground Series so far!

With the same goal to give the Kaggle community a variety of fairly light-weight challenges that can be used to learn and sharpen skills in different aspects of machine learning and data science, we will continue launching the Tabular Tuesday in April every Tuesday 00:00 UTC, with each competition running for 2 weeks. Again, these will be fairly light-weight datasets that are synthetically generated from real-world data, and will provide an opportunity to quickly iterate through various model and feature engineering ideas, create visualizations, etc.

Synthetically-Generated Datasets

Using synthetic data for Playground competitions allows us to strike a balance between having real-world data (with named features) and ensuring test labels are not publicly available. This allows us to host competitions with more interesting datasets than in the past. While there are still challenges with synthetic data generation, the state-of-the-art is much better now than when we started the Tabular Playground Series two years ago, and the goal is to produce datasets that have far fewer artifacts.

Please feel free to give us feedback on the datasets for the different competitions so that we can continue to improve!

Evaluation

Submissions are evaluated on the area under the ROC curve between the predicted probability and the observed target.

Submission File

For each id in the test set, you must predict the probability of target (likelihood of the presence of a kidney stone). The file should contain a header and have the following format:

```
id,target
414,0.5
415,0.1
416,0.9
etc.
```

Dataset Description

NOTE:
You can now create your own synthetic versions of this dataset by forking and running this notebook.

The dataset for this competition (both train and test) was generated from a deep learning model trained on the Kidney Stone Prediction based on Urine Analysis dataset. Feature distributions are close to, but not exactly the same, as the original. Feel free to use the original dataset as part of this competition, both to explore differences as well as to see whether incorporating the original in training improves model performance.

Files:
- train.csv - the training dataset; target is the likelihood of a kidney stone being present
- test.csv - the test dataset; your objective is to predict the probability of target
- sample_submission.csv - a sample submission file in the correct format