Description  
The competing Kaggle merchandise stores we saw in January's Tabular Playground are at it again. This time, they're selling books! The task for this month's competitions is a bit more complicated. Not only are there six countries and four books to forecast, but you're being asked to forecast sales during the tumultuous year 2021. Can you use your data science skills to predict book sales when conditions are far from the ordinary?  

About the Tabular Playground Series  
Kaggle competitions are incredibly fun and rewarding, but they can also be intimidating for people who are relatively new in their data science journey. In the past, we've launched many Playground competitions that are more approachable than our Featured competitions and thus, more beginner-friendly. The goal of these competitions is to provide a fun and approachable-for-anyone tabular dataset to model. These competitions are a great choice for people looking for something in between the Titanic Getting Started competition and the Featured competitions. If you're an established competitions master or grandmaster, these probably won't be much of a challenge for you; thus, we encourage you to avoid saturating the leaderboard. For each monthly competition, we'll be offering Kaggle Merchandise for the top three teams. And finally, because we want these competitions to be more about learning, we're limiting team sizes to 3 individuals.  

Getting Started  
For ideas on how to improve your score, check out the Intro to Machine Learning and Intermediate Machine Learning courses on Kaggle Learn. Good luck and have fun!  
Photo above by Aron Visuals on Unsplash

Evaluation  
Submissions are evaluated on SMAPE between forecasts and actual values. We define SMAPE = 0 when the actual and predicted values are both 0.  

Submission File  
For each row_id in the test set, you must predict the corresponding num_sold. The file should contain a header and have the following format:  
row_id,num_sold  
70128,100  
70129,100  
70130,100 etc.  

Dataset Description  
For this challenge, you will be predicting a full year worth of sales for 4 items from two competing stores located in six different countries. This dataset is completely fictional but contains many effects you see in real-world data, e.g., weekend and holiday effect, seasonality, etc. You are given the challenging task of predicting book sales during the year 2021. Good luck!

Files  
train.csv - the training set, which includes the sales data for each date-country-store-item combination.  
test.csv - the test set; your task is to predict the corresponding item sales for each date-country-store-item combination. Note the Public leaderboard is scored on the first quarter of the test year, and the Private on the remaining.  
sample_submission.csv - a sample submission file in the correct format.